I want to create a nextjs with tailwind, shadcn and motion (https://motion.dev/) for animations. The goal of this project is as follows: We need to make a planning website for employees shift schedule of a danish shop called "Netto" for the owner of the shop. The project should make it easier for the owner to make shift schedules for his employees, like who work when and at what times over a weekly schedule. The shop will have some basic instructions/rules that is the foundation of shift schedules and i will state them here: the shop opening hours is 07:00 to 22:00 everyday. There are two types of employees, above and below 18 years and the employees above 18 will be refered as "leder" as in leaders for their extra privileges,  while the employees below 18 will be refered as "ungarbejder". There is way less ledere than ungarbejdere. Generally speaking there should always as minimum be 1 leder and 1 ungarbejder. Monday to friday (not weekend) consists of 2 shifts, one from 7-16 and one for 16-22 and each shift should have 3 emoloyees. On saturday and sunday (weekend) there are 3 shifts: 7-14, 10-17 and 14-22. As you can see there is a overlap of the shifts, which is because the weekend hours are more busy and needs extra employees. The 7-14 shift needs 3 employees (2 leder and 1 ungarbejder), the 10-17 shift is one ungarbejder, and the 14-22 consists of 3 employees. The shop owner should either have a form to input the employees, each with name, age and how many hours they are hired for each week. Our solution should then try to plot the most optimal shift schedule plan for a week and present/display it. I want openai to construct the shift plan (if it makes sense?) and be possible for the shop owner to make corrections or changes to the shift schedule plan. One example could be: The shopowner upload a list of his employees, the openai constructs the best possible shift schedule using our rules/instructions and presents it. The shop owner can then look at it and chat with our openai to make changes, ask questions, or just try remake the plan again for example. The shop owner could for example be like "Why did you only have one leader in this shift?" or perhaps "Could you swap these two employees shifts". The openai should then ofcause try to remake the plan if possible. It is very important that our chat/openai/bot will flag/tell/interrupt the shop owner wishes/commands, if it makes no sense or it will do damage to the shift schedule. Lets perhaps keep a history of our created shedules for each time we make changes. I want a kind of dashboard with a left side navigation menu to switch between views. One page could be a settings page where we have our rules/instructions, another could be where we have the list of employees with CRUD operations, another one with schedules histroy and lastly a page for our actually planning/chatting. The solution should therefore be an interactive tool to help the shop owner. The solution needs to be very simple at first, dont make too fancy features and lets not do any tests and such. It is important that this is a POC at first. The code should be robust and component with not too much redundant code, try to reuse code to shared stuff when it makes sense.